Fixed #34856 -- Fixed references to index_together in historical migrations. (#18931)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.5.txt

Bugfixes
========

> * Fixed references to index_together in historical migrations. (:ticket:`34856`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a crash when applying migrations with references to the removed
  ``Meta.index_together`` option (:ticket:`34856`).
```
maybe
